I'm so sorry
It's okay, it's refreshing enough
Then Mr. Gu, let's cooperate
Mr. Gu's cooperation this time is really rare
And Shen Jian is so sincere
See if you can accept the sincerity.
Yes, Mr. Gu's misunderstanding has been lifted
Mr. Gu has a happy cooperation and a happy cooperation.
Mr. Gu, thank you
I misunderstood you before, do you want to resign?
relentlessly
You are such a good boss, I will depend on you for the rest of my life
Lifetime
No no no no ah ah ah
You go out first
Hmph, these two faces are more red than the other.
Abnormal absolutely abnormal
Mr. Gu, um, that
Just tell me what you think
Lawyer Li is still waiting for your message.